SUPPORT
-------
OpenAPL version 0.0, ALPHA release was made available in November
1998.  Although I intended to work up to a BETA release in February
1999, this hasn't happened and the ALPHA period will be extended to
mid 1999.  By about June 1999 I will publish a BETA release, beyond 
that you may be on your own.  Look for the support statement in the 
latest release of openAPL at:

ftp://sunsite.unc.edu/pub/Linux/devel/lang/apl/openapl-x.y.tar.gz

OpenAPL will be announced on the USENET groups:
	comp.os.linux.announce
and	comp.lang.apl

The second one of these will be used to announce minor releases.

I may be contacted by email to "branko at senet dot com dot au"
(please don't publish my email address on the Internet in any form
that a spam-bot can read).


BUG REPORTS
-----------
So you found a bug, good! that's what ALPHA testing is all about.

First make sure that it hasn't already been recognised by checking the
BugList in the latest version on the sunsite FTP archive.

Next, reduce the bug to a simple statement that results in an obvious
mistake or an error message.  Then convert that statement to ASCII, 
use '{' and '}' to delimit written names of APL characters.  

Finally, send it to me.  Extract my email address from this file.


PUBLIC ASSISTANCE
-----------------
Although the ToDo document indicates that work on enhancements will be
resisted, if you are willing to create, test and document etc new
functionality, by all means submit it to me for consideration in the
next release.

However, what I would really like during the ALPHA test period is
assistance from previous APL users to exercise everything in the
search for bugs.  The ToDo list describes my intention to import
some computer based training, further testing may be required for
this.


COPYRIGHT
---------
openAPL, Copyright (C) Branko Bratkovic 1998, 1999

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
